0:00 Intro
2:13 Start
14:56 Q: How to implement SSL pinning in flutter app? Where to store certificate. pem? In code inside asset folder or remote config or some best approach for security purpose?If possible can you show code - Mona Louise
29:18 Q: How to use a accelerometer in a flutter app - Funway Coding
35:14 Q: How to implement code tampering protection in flutter app? - Mona Louise
38:16 Q: How to implement jailbreak/rooted detection code in flutter app? What should be the behaviour of app if device is rooted or jailbreak? Is it necessary to follow same approach for developer mode? - Mona Louise
39:54 Q: I have SVG icon with multiple layers, and I need to control color of each layer in the svg. Is there any other way than loading all svgs as Strings, and changing colors of xml tags? - Lazar Jovicic
43:32 Q: I want to create a desktop app to which plugins written in any language can be dynamically added. My first thought is WebSocket, but maybe there is a better solution, more efficient. - Bartek
49:58 Q: how do we make our flutter apps accessible intuitively? what are keys things to take care to improve this area? - Mtho
1:02:21 Q: I restricted my app to portraitUp but new requirement like response to orientation to make easy read for pdf files and webpages? How to implement this for two screen here? - Mona Louise
1:06:58 Q: between building for flutter web vs desktop, which factors do you keep in mind that help you decide? - Mtho
1:15:04 Q: what could be the problem if the notifications not showing on Android 13 but it is working fine on Android 12 and lower - Nidal Bakir
1:18:26 Q: how future-proof do you make your flutter apps, if any? especially to ensure future SDK releases don't break the current app... - Mtho
1:30:57 Q: As someone who just found dart and flutter, I think you have an amazing tool. However I noticed that flutter feels and looks like it has a high learning curve. Is there a way to combat this for new - Jeremiah Donley
1:40:48 Q: What's the difference or relationship btw Failure, Error, and Exception. Which do you throw, or return. I think I know it, but I know I don't understand it. Please help clarify. - David Nwaneri
1:56:49 Q: Is there a way to use with Future. wait without casting or using . then ?For example : final [users, categories]= await Future. wait<List<User>, List<Category>>([fetchUsers(), fetchCategories()]); - Kevin DUVIGNAU 
1:58:11 Q: How can I utilize platform-specific features such as the camera and contacts in Flutter, without relying on third-party libraries, while ensuring the required permissions are handled properly? - osman bah
2:00:31 Outro