0:00 Intro
2:38 Start
7:01 ​Q: A long time ago I saw some people using Flutter for digital / generative art. I can't find them now. Do any of you know what I'm referring to? - Matthew Jones
13:35 Q: is that possible to navigate using custom action to the customer widgets. today iam try to do it. it's show like "context is not defined".i think for customer action flutterflow doesn't add context - ZEROW
15:45 ​Q: In my new company I have seen them use hard-coded size values for widgets using screenutil package with size from figma file . Is it really necessary to use hard coded values with such packages? - Shashank Mayya
20:34 ​Q: I'm looking for work for the first time in a while. Where are good places to find contracts and (generally) what skills are Flutter devs expected to have in 2023? - atreeon
28:23 ​Q: The app is targeting only phones. I feel giving hard-coded values seem wrong and we really need not match the figma size even using screenutil? - Shashank Mayya
31:00 ​Q: Figma sizes & Flutter sizes don’t match why ? What to do about it ? Use screenutil ? - R VB
38:37 ​Q: I am using get_it for dependency injection on Flutter Web. After a page refresh all lazySingletons get reset. Do you by chance know if this is the expected behavior or how I can avoid that? - Matthias Raaz
... ​I need the user state to persist - Matthias Raaz
42:27 ​Q: What's your preferred CI/CD service so far? Are there remote Android device services that you were happy with to use with Flutter? - Pako St
48:20 ​Q: I'm not a developer in profession. I learned flutter purely from internet. I like to know what is the best online course for gain paper qualification since I would like to switch my job in future. - Chathura Chamikara
53:54 Q: Hi, i will start my new job as a flutter developer. I'm bit nervous and wonder if you guys got any tips? Thank you - Roberto Potrus
​59:33 ​Q : today is there live coding ? because we have learned so much in the previous session (simon is a genius) - bode hallak
59:49 ​Q Has anyone experienced using ChatGPT to serve as a Flutter coding assistant? - bille
1:02:38 Q: how can we keep transparent background with image segmentation human body mask? i have got image mask but how to set transparent pixel of original image? - karamat subhani
1:05:35 ​Q: A web ques not really flutter, but I am trying to do it for my flutter web app. - HAWSI AADMI
1:06:56 ​Q Anyone notice weird visual distortion when switching phone from portrait to landscape? Can it be avoided? - bille
1:10:50 ​Q: thanks for clarifying. so u suggest not to use such packages? say for fonts let's say headline uses 20 in figma should it be 20 in flutter? if with package 20.sp? (screenutil) - Shashank Mayya
... ​Q: or does flutter handle 20 based on dpi? like higher resolution phones? and in lower res phones? - Shashank Mayya
1:13:27 ​Q: so ques is can I spin up a local server in the wasm runtime and use nodejs libraries.?? - HAWSI AADMI
... ​Q: A web ques not really flutter, but I am trying to do it for my flutter web app. So ques is can I spin up a local server in the wasm runtime and use nodejs libraries.?? - HAWSI AADMI
1:14:56 ​Q: how to deploy python code in flutter app? i need to deploy some python github projects in flutter using dart. - karamat subhani
1:20:03 ​Q. Been using flutter_form_builder for data input. What do you all use for simple data form input with auto & custom validation? I find it is a bit tightly coupled to flutter (so no dart only testing) - atreeon
1:22:27 ​Q: Some slight addition - useful pre-commit hooks that you like to use? - Pako St
1:23:52 ​Q: How to connect native IOS side to Flutter side without using platform and method channels and access the Sqlite DB data on native side and view it on Flutter Side App - Engineer
1:26:26 ​Q: Can you recommend a package to have an app that can read/update a device's calendar? - Stef Patterson
1:30:20 ​Q. How do i use an overlay widget to show search results from the api , I am not able to update the overlay state properly, what is the best way to do this ? - Train Of Thought
1:31:38 Live Coding: 3D snowflakes Part 2 - Git: https://github.com/slightfoot/blizzard
2:26:48 ​Q: I am trying to create some dead simple dart console (terminal) apps to query firestore from the terminal. Is this possible or do I have to create a desktop app to leverage the firebase packages? - bille
2:28:19 Outro