0:00 Intro
2:00 Start
11:51 Q: Is it okay to call "Theme.of(context)" from "build()" or would it be better to move those calls to "didChangeDependencies()" like "MediaQuery.of"? - Krischan1712
13:51 ​Q: I am trying to connect the dots for creating model classes (for Firestore CRUD) and that cool code generation that you showed a while back. - bille
18:55 ​Q: How could we keep the scroll position of a Scrollable when new items are appended and/or prepended? - Verde
25:12 ​Q: how are custom shaders different from what flutter does ordinarily? how do we choose when we need "shaders"? - Mtho
32:31 ​Q: could you elaborate on how to embed flutter in a website to help with SEO? - Mtho
38:24 ​Q:Dual Screen? Is that in the Duo 2? So it supports Flutter? - James Johnson
39:42 Majid on Google Summer of Code
42:19 Majid on upcoming conferences
47:30 ​Q: do dart isolates automatically close after returning data or can we keep them for any amount of time we want to? how many isolates can we even create without hampering performance? - Mtho
51:10 ​Q: What is the best fix for the issue with the jre and jbr folders in Android studio electric eel? I used a symbolic link in Windows (mklink) The error is Unable to find bundled Java version. - Arturo San
53:28 ​Q: Will the 3d support (Scene Widget from Flutter Forward) be available on the next stable release? - Med Ch
59:00 ​Q: Why cocoapod takes ages when building an app with firebase - Cheikh Lo
1:06:16 ​Q: How do i handle text selection in a textfield when using a custom keyboard(numpad) and not the os keyboard and also control the movement of the cursor to appear at the front of a new character... - David Nwaneri
​...in the text field...since characters are added to the textfield with `_controller.text = newText` - David Nwaneri
​1:10:13 Q. need career advice as a flutter junior developer, how long does one need to stay in a company before switching to another one, what are some of the questions to ask during the interview ? - Train Of Thought
1:15:56 ​Q: I have a text widget which is const, but as soon i use style: Theme.of(context).headline1 whatever. i lose the const benefit, any tips what to do to keep it const? - Roberto Potrus
1:20:01 ​Q: on firebase, are there examples we can use to make rules strong so that we can limit data flow between flutter app and firebase? - Mtho
1:23:05 ​Q: Legends, from Flutter side, I navigate to Android Native page, then I'm passing the value from the native to the Flutter using method.invoke() and I listen on the Channel method call => rest next.. - Khader Murtaja
...​In the flutter side, I do bring the value, I could have it. But when I try to update the UI with the value, the UI doesn't even when using setState(); - Khader Murtaja
...​Q: Nope nope, I could go back to the Flutter page - Khader Murtaja
...​Q: Even when I passed the value using result.success() then call finish() to close the activity and go back to the Flutter (I go back to flutter page) I'm not able to use it on the Flutter page - Khader Murtaja
1:29:50 ​​Q: Why we can't give a name of app (label) when creating a project? And later we have to manually changing on AndroidManifest.xml and info.plist? - Ali Mehralizada
1:32:41 ​Q: How can I add to the More Actions... in VSCode when I right click on a Widget and choose refactor? - Dave Parks
1:34:31 ​Q: Do you recommend to use FlutterFlow while building large apps? - Boburbek Khusanboev
1:36:27 ​Q: Is it possible to disable the SYSTEM bottom navigation bar on Android using Flutter? - Boburbek Khusanboev
...​Q: no I mean, is it possible to make them invalid not working mode? - Boburbek Khusanboev
1:41:47 ​Q: Hi, WebView on Desktop seems lagging(missing) any official plan about it? - Stefano Falda
1:45:01 ​Q: What would you recommend to Flutter juniors to join Google as a developer? - Boburbek Khusanboev
1:46:19 ​Q: Is it possible to create a function peram that can be async or not. And check if it's async and await conditionally?? - Mostafijul Islam
1:47:41 ​Q: How do I detect that a device token is expired before sending out notification using FCM - Ugochukwu Umerie
1:49:30 ​Q: If I pass a TextController to a child widget, do I need to dispose of it in both the parent and child widget or could I leave the child stateless and only dispose of it in the parent? - Ethan Hipps
1:54:34 ​Q: on the limit data flow...meant to ask how to limit access of firebase just for the specific user of the flutter app instead of anyone just copying the url and pasting on browser, etc... - Mtho
1:57:20 ​Q: How can I manage version number that appears on the iOS App Store from within the Flutter space, pubspec.yaml, etc? I'd rather not do this within Xcode, etc. - bille
1:58:52 Live Coding: Dart 3 alpha
2:26:47 Outro