0:00 Intro
2:04 Start
14:00 Q: do you have any suggestion of libs for video stream from python to flutter for linux arm64 (raspbian)? Most libs are not for linux. - Charles Steinmetz
...I have an object detection implementation in python and I would like to stream it to flutter. Everything is running on raspberry pi with camera - Charles Steinmetz
17:49 Q: I have made an app in flutter-tizen but it only support the above version of tizen 6.0 but I want to build the application for the lower version tizen and how can i build for that. - FlutterWithRaman
...it support web where we can build the web in HTML, CSS and JS but I do know Flutter engine does this when I build it for web but I am getting problem there - FlutterWithRaman
...Q: But it have HTML, CSS and JS and flutter does compile the code into that and I am copying and pasting the code the builded version but facing the issue there - FlutterWithRaman
25:21 Q: Would you currently use JNI/FFI Gen or MethodChannels for native platform communication? - Sebastian Klaiber
27:11 Q in flutter isolation i have create a subthread how to send some information in running thread - vinay yogi
30:29 q: When will impeller be ready for production apps? - Nirmal Raj
31:54 Q: Guys, for state management you do recommend Riverpod, right? Why do you choose Riverpod over Bloc? - Reiko
35:58 Q. can you suggest any package and something to achive offline download and play app only within a app like youtube offline play video feature - vinay yogi
...Q. video should not show in any memory directory only we can play within our flutter app - vinay yogi
40:30 Q: I was working on a chat app with Discord link Navigation, I used Stack and animation controller to achieve this. Any Idea How to deeplink this navigation (Link to specific conversation)? - Nirmal Raj
42:39 Q: What makes a senior flutter engineer. When does one transition to one? - Jeffery Huy
...Q: Follow up. What is the difference with a lead Flutter dev? - Jeffery Huy
53:28 Q: @Simon 2.0, is it recommended to use an isolate for smooth play of audio files while the user manipulates the UI? - Richard Rouzeau
59:12 Q: I take it's a misconception but is there a tentative recommended max number of packages for a flutter app? - Jeffery Huy
1:03:25 Q: What companies do you recommend that work with flutter? for example in the future I would like to work at VGG. Greetings from Perú - Hey Gonza
1:04:22 Q. is there any package to compile and run the dart code within flutter application for example making learn dart app has basic dart programs like geeksforgeeks give feature to run online on website - vinay yogi
1:05:06 How can I access fitness data like step count and heart heat from the apple watch for the ios app in flutter, Is there any plugin for that in flutter - AIZEN _
1:07:31 Intermission
1:09:50 Live coding: Layout for labels above an image
1:36:30 Live coding: WoW Shopping App - Git: https://github.com/slightfoot/wow_shopping
2:54:22 Outro